doc: update helm doc to include init/unseal (#7955)
hashicorp/vault: website/source/docs/platform/k8s/run.html.md

...
```

> !> **IMPORTANT NOTE:** Vault Helm will not initialize and unseal Vault out of the box.  

Reviewer: Nit: I worry that "out of the box" may be an expression that could be misinterpreted here. I would prefer `automatically`, but I'll defer to you

Author: Done!

> Initialization is required after installation followed by an unseal.  Vault can be 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initialization is required after installation followed by unsealing.  Vault can be 
```

configured to auto-unseal using KMS providers such as 
[Google Cloud Platform](/docs/platform/k8s/run.html#google-kms-auto-unseal).  This 

> allows the pods to auto-unseal if they're rescheduled in Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
allows the pods to auto unseal if they're rescheduled in Kubernetes.
```

If standalone or HA mode are being used, the Vault pods must be initialized and unsealed.  
For HA deployments, only one of the Vault pods needs to be initialized.

```sh

> $ kubectl exec -ti vault-0 -- vault operator init

Reviewer: Question: does this need to be done on the leader? Is `vault-0` assumed to be the leader here?

Author: `vault-0` will always be there since it's the first ordinal pod.  It just makes things easier to make the first pod the leader but isn't required.

Reviewer: I suppose a better question is "is there a leader before `init` is ran?"
